c:\users\jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\bin\Debug\proyecto2.exe.config
c:\users\jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\bin\Debug\proyecto2.exe
c:\users\jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\bin\Debug\proyecto2.pdb
c:\users\jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.menu.resources
c:\users\jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.splash.resources
c:\users\jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.exe
c:\users\jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.pdb
C:\Users\Jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.agregar_ofrenda.resources
C:\Users\Jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.login.resources
C:\Users\Jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.diezmo.resources
C:\Users\Jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.miembros.resources
C:\Users\Jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.muebles.resources
C:\Users\Jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.ofrenda.resources
C:\Users\Jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.conection.resources
C:\Users\Jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.registro.resources
C:\Users\Jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.actualizar_muebles.resources
C:\Users\Jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.actualizar_miembros.resources
C:\Users\Jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.actualizar_ofrenda.resources
C:\Users\Jesus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\proyecto2\proyecto2\obj\Debug\proyecto2.acercade.resources
